# WebProject-Group-6(IIUM)
Halal Restaurant.
“Halal restaurants” is the name of our website. It contains mainly five webpages and each page has a different purpose for the users. We expect the user to browse through the site with ease while keeping the interface simple and concise. While designing the website, we created the necessary webpages required for any restaurant sites like, home page, menu page, while also keeping an about us page and contact us page to make the user feel more involved and interactive. We also included a content dedicated blog page. The purpose of the blog page is to keep the contents of the webpage fresh on a regular basis.
 	While developing the website, we attempted to apply different web media such as graphics, audio/video, and interactivity. We also designed the site so that navigation through the site can be easy by applying links in designated places. We plan to enhance our website by using JavaScript in the next part of the project (part2) to make it more interactive and allow fluidity of the website. Another specification considered for the development is API (Application Programing Interface) to magnify the web-surfing experience and also for keeping the website up to date. We also provided a basic layout for each page so that the user can feel familiarity while visiting this website compared to other websites.
 	The aim of this project was to understand the firsthand view of what happens at the core of a website developing team. We also caught a glimpse of what happens behind the scenes of any websites we visit in this day and age. Because of this experience we are better prepared for the progression of this project and also ready to adapt, if any shortcoming arises. Furthermore, it also taught us the practical and analytical part of web development. Our expectation is to be able to re-adjust during the latter part of the project, if any re-adjustment is required while also achieving the desired outcome for the project.
